Gong:
1) A possible customer
An early 20 years old Chinese immigrant with a computer sicence bacholar degree, but doesn't speak fluent English

A possible problem that or some other customer may have that you will be solving.
The new immigrant couldn't find a job that utilize his knowledge in computer sicence, due to his language barrier

List 5 possible risks regarding your assumptions that might make the project unsucessful.
Not enough employer participate in our website
People regreted after accepted employer's offer
Potential legal issues
There is no market for workers that doesn't speak English
New immigrants are not willing to do trial period or take a pay cut

2) A possible customer:
A group of people who are creating startup for visual room design web/mobile application.

A possible problem that some other customer may have that you will be solving:
Startups don't have enough of funds to post jobs on indeed/glassdoor/linkedIn

List 5 possible risks regarding your assumptions that might make the project unsucessful:
    a) Language/cultural barrier between employers and employees
    b) Not able to vertify the educational background on the job candidates
    c) Not enough of job candidates or employeers
    d) An algorithm to recommand potential candidates for the employers
    e) Not able to vertify the credibility on the startup companies


JieLan
HW3
A possible customer
A new Chinese immigrant, who work as an electrical  engineer at China for several years, but can¡¯t find a job here.

A possible problem that or some other customer may have that you will be solving.
Startup company need to pay a lot to hire employees with rich experience.


List 5 possible risks regarding your assumptions that might make the project unsuccessful.
1.	Employees leave the local company after they learn enough language skill
2.	 Our employees candidates group is too small.
3.	Not enough revenue source, because new immigrants will afraid of fraud
4.	Employers don¡¯t want to hire some employees don¡¯t English well
5.	How to provide a high quality language or job -searching training course is a problem



