Gong Qi Chen:

As a new immigrant I want to have my website bilingual so that I can understand what is the website about.

As a job applicant I want to have a list of the jobs that I applied for so that I can track which job I have applied for.

As a job applicant I want to filter the job list by their industry so that I don't have to spend time on the jobs that doesn't meet my profession.

As a job applicant I want to filter the job list by the experience requirement so that I don't have to spend time on the jobs that I am not qualify for.

As a job applicant I want to filter the job list by the education requirement so that I don't have to spend time on the jobs that I am not qualify for.

As a job applicant I want to see the employer profile page so that I will know if this employer is someone I want to work for.

As an employer I want to see the job applicant's profile page so that I will know if this applicant meets my hiring requirement.

As an employer I want to have a list of the jobs that I posted so that I can keep track of hiring record.

As an employer I want to have a list of the job applicants that applied for the jobs I posted so I can keep track of the applicant that is interesting in the position.

As an employer I want to group my job applicant list by the jobs they applied to so that I will keep a record for who is applying for which job.



Jie Lan:

As a guest, I can only see job tilte and brief description, but can't apply for it or see more details, so that I need to submit a form to become a member


As an applicant, I want to filter the job based on specific language requirement so that he know what to apply.


As an applicant, I can submit multiple resumes as part of my personal profiles so that for different companies, I can submit different resumes.


As an applicant, I can follow some employers so that I can get the latest job posts immediately.


As an applicant, I can write some comments about the hiring process about a specific company so that more applicants can know more about this company.


As an new immigrant, I want to get some training materials or courses online so that I can learn more English and American culture.


As an new immigrant, I want to find some local English lecture course(non online) information so that I can learn more English. 

 
As an new immigrant, I want to get some one-one help in labor law issues(for example, a real time website chat window) so that he can protect his own right when signing a contract. 


As an admin, I want to able to approve guests' request to become our customers, so that this can block those applicant that now satisfy our requirement.


As an admin, I can block some applicants or employers for certain amount of time so that this can stop some unqualified continuing our website.


As an admin, I can check all users information so that to manage the website.


As an admin, I can send emails to specific group of people, based on their profiles, so that I can keep in contact with users.


As an employer, I can generate a unique form for each job, so that applicant can fill out some specific information they need.



Alan Lau:

As a HR from international company, I want to hire employees from various background to better understand my customers.

As a HR from international company, I want to be able to hire employees without spending too much money on employees that I don't have deep understanding.

As a HR manager, I want to be able to see what my employees' best skillset based on the endorsement, so I know I can trust them on their skill.

As a HR manager, I want the website that sort the users based on their endorsement, so I know which one is more trustworthy.

As a HR manager, I want the users on the website to be a real person and provide accurate information regarding themselves, so I don't waste my time.

As a recent immigrant, I want to find a job that relate to my skill ASAP so I can provide support for my family.

As a recent immigrant, I want to find a job that is near my location, so I don't have to travel far away from my family.

As a recent immigrant, I want people to be able to endorse my skills, so the company can trust me on my skills.

As a recent immigrant, I want to see what kind of technologies that the companies use and what specific skillsets that the companies require so I don't have to waste my time on the companies that don't need my skills.

As a recent immigrant, I want to be able to see the most recent news or policies about the immigrant, so I know what my rights are.