Value Propositions:
What? 
We will build a web app that helps to make connection between employer and skilled worker who are trying to find a job but couldn't do so due to language and cultural barriers.
The interface will be in bilingual(English & Mandarin), allowing the user easier to use.
On the website, a credential converter can be provided that helps customers understand what their degree means in the new country.

For?
The employers that are willing to take new immigrants with language difficulty.
The skilled worker but limited by language and cultural barrier.

Solve?
Allowing the employers to find the potential employees with the right skills that the company need.
Instead of focusing on the 'packaging', the employer will focus on the skills that worker possess.
The employer can give offer quicker based on the skills but under some restrictions ex: trial period with 50% wages, or
Offer employer comments on your work during the trial period

Customer Relationships:
Self-service through a job posting web page
Intermediate communicator between new immigrants and employers
Personal Assistance:One-to-One mentoring new immigrant in job searching and language training
Organizations that focus on helping the immigrant to fit in will be one of our ways to help us get more user.
We might not be able to keep the user after they found a job. But we will be able to keep the employer to keep hiring as long as the organization will provide the workforce.
We can expand the web app into different many languages, targeting to different group of immigrants to help our web app grows.
In order to grow, we can provide more services instead of just focusing on helping the immigrant to find a job. ex: legal services, information of new government's policies

Customer Segments:
New Immigrants with high education background or rich work experience, but couldn't find a suitable job due to language or cultural difficulties.
Customers who would like to see an equivalent version of their degree on the job posting.
Employers from startup companies who want to hire employees with high education but don't have much resources to do so.
Employers from companies who want to hire employees from different backgrounds. There are a lot of time that companies offend people with different background accidentally so they need employees from various background. For instance: Nike Air Max 270 criticized by Muslims over Arabic script. This can be prevented if they have someone in their design team who is familiar with Arabic script.


Revenue Streams:
Advertisement from language schools
Advertisement from legal assistant firms
fee from employees and employers, when the matching successfully
training tuition
The fee may also be a subscription plan?
